IAS WebUIVersion differences (#5579)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Automation/UIBlockTypesOverview.md

| [Time](#time) | Item that displays a time value. |
| [TreeView](#treeview) | Tree view control. |

## UI versions

Two versions of the interactive script UI are currently available. The most recent version, known as "V2", features a different design for scripts used in web apps and has been gradually developed along with DataMiner 10.5.x releases. Prior to DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU21]/10.5.0 [CU9]/10.5.12<!-- RN 43964 -->, the V2 UI can only be viewed if the URL parameter [useNewIASInputComponents](xref:Configuring_app_actions_and_behavior_via_URL) is used for a web app.

> Starting from DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU21]/10.5.0 [CU9]/10.5.12, the UI version used for interactive Automation scripts in web apps is determined by the configuration of the [WebUIVersion](xref:Skyline.DataMiner.Automation.Engine.WebUIVersion) property on the engine. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from DataMiner 10.4.0 [CU21]/10.5.0 [CU9]/10.5.12, the UI version used for interactive Automation scripts in web apps is determined by update of the [engine.WebUIVersion](xref:Skyline.DataMiner.Automation.Engine.WebUIVersion) property. For example:
```
